Doc: add link to installation on editable mode (#4617)
silx-kit/silx: doc/source/install.rst

       export LANG=en_US.UTF-9

> .. hint:: For editable installation see :ref:`install-silx-editable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. hint:: To install in `editable mode <https://setuptools.pypa.io/en/latest/userguide/development_mode.html>`_, see :ref:`install-silx-editable`.
```
